Sufficient stock is not there.
Local market do not have sufficient food stock. They think do not sufficient for disaster.
Yes sufficiently available.
Yes.
Yes, namkhana market but nearby no availability of sufficient food stock.
Sufficient stock is not there.
No ,only source is naamkhana market.
Local markets have sufficient food stock.
Yes we get food from local huts.
Sufficient stock is not there. Foods are brought from kakdeep.
No , but most of food stock is supplied from pakabari bazar.
Not properly but a place named pakabari bazar were food stock are proper for villagers.
Maximum food stock is sufficient.
Yes. Sufficient food stocks are available.
No local markets donot have sufficient food stock.
Yes good quality foods are available.
Not very much sufficient ,if accidentally disaster occurs then stock will be finish by 3 to 4 days.
Yes the local markets have sufficient food in stock.
Generally sufficient food stock.
Yes adequate food stocks are available.
Partly in 10 Miles. But most of the cases they have to go to Kakdeep market.
The stock keeps fluctuating.
Yes they have sufficient stock.
No, all food are not available in local market. So they have to go in namkhana market.
No ,only source is naamkhana market.
Yes now local markets have sufficient foid stock but during disaster stock was nil.
Yes the local markets have sufficient food stock.government is also supplying food at cheap rate for example rice at 2 rupees per kilogram.
Yes ,local market has sufficient food stock but not as sufficient as urban population is having.
No not sufficient stock.
no the local markets have not sufficient food stock.they use to go a place 20 minutes far.
Yes,we get all our foods,daily needs from our market sufficiently.
Yes. Well stocked on food.
As the village condition is not good ,so local market do set up on Saturday and Wednesday only so insufficient food stock.
Yes adequate food stocks are available.
Yes local markets have sufficient food stock and everything is available.no shortage as such.
yes, local markets have sufficient food stock.
They keep stock for three to four days atleast.
more than sufficient.  we have many markets now.
Not properly ,as because financial background after disaster  is very weak so no proper have sufficent food stock.
Food stocks are sufficient.
Yes it is sufficient.
Local market does not have sufficient food stock.
Not very much sufficient ,if accidentally disaster occurs then stock will be finish by 3 to 4 days.
Local markets have sufficient food stock now but in disaster time it was nil.
yes sufficient. we are now self sustained.
Local markets have so  much stock of food  that we need.
Yes the market have sufficient food stock.
Yes sufficient food.government is providing rice at 2 rupees per kg to the victims in the area.
Generally all food items are there but not all.
No because no nearby markets ,to get sufficient food stock naamkhana.
yes more than sufficient.
Yes good stock is available.
Local markets have sufficient food but crisis of house reconstruction is msjor issue.
Yes, they are well stocked and have sufficient food stock.
Local market is enough to us for food.
Yes, local markets have sufficient food stock .
Partly in local market called 10 MILES. But mainly to Namkhana.
Sufficient food stock is not there.
there is. we also still get rice at 2rs per kg upto 16kgs per month per family.
Markets have insufficient food stock.
Yes.
Local markets do not have sufficient food stock, but vegetables and daily needs type materials are available.
No sufficient stock of food is not arranged here ,stock may be finish in between 2 or 3 days.
No they dont have any stock. Both sellers and buyers are local.
Yes the food stock is good and there is no shortage as such.
Pakabari is not enough . Namkhana and kakdwip are good enough .
Local markets havenot sufficient food stock due to crops ruined in disaster.
No they are too local. No storage center.
Yes but upto basic needs only.
No,It would have been better, had there been supply of luxury food or food chains.
food is sufficient to supply the whole village. we have not yet faced any such difficulties.
Yes we get our all needed food items from our local market.
Yes stocks are available aplenty.
Local markets have sufficient food but not over quantity.
Partially. But some special occasion purpose thing, they have to go to Namkhana.
Yes sufficient foods are available.
Yes day to day life food stocks are available in markets.
Local markets havenot  sufficient food stock due to low production.
They have food stock but not in satisfactory quantity.
Maximum things is available in local market and sufficient food stock.
Yes local markets have sufficient food stock except the rice since the disaster.
No . They cant store because there is no store room. They need a store room.
Local market is sufficient for food but located in a long distance.
Local market is far away from the village and food stock is not sufficient.
Yes they get sufficient food stock through which they can live there life's.
No the market is local.
Local markets have sufficient food stock.
Yes local markets have sufficient food stock.but not all food are there.
Yes, the markets are well stocked on food items.
No, local markets have sufficient food stock as per their daily requirment.
Yes markets still exist and provide adequate materials.
No they dont have store houses or money to store.
Yes local markets have sufficient food stock.
Yes ,basic food stock are fulfilled as per daily demand.
No they dont have sufficient food stock.
Local market do not have sufficient food stock. All things is not available.
Yes,local markets have sufficient food stock.
Yes here the market is pakabari market and markekt have  sufficient food stock.
Here all family personally store foods for six or seven days.
No. They bring stock from locality or kakdeep.
Food stock available.everyone is getting ration from government.
Local markets have not enough food stock to deliver villegers due to lack of production.
Yes, local markets have sufficient food stock.
Local markets do not have sufficient food stock,  vegetables and daily needs type materials are available but all is not available.
No markets were affected by the storm and still function.
No its local market ot jas no stock.
Yes we get our sufficient food from our local market.
Local markets have sufficient food stock.
Not really as because of flood ,the soil fertility has degraded alot  so no proper grown of food  which results in insufficient food stock.
Yes there is enough availability of food.
No, the food stock is not sufficient for the villagers.
yes sufficient. we are now self sustained.
Yes markets keep enough food stock.
The food stock is not sufficient for the villagers so they have to go namkhana otherwise karda market which are so far from the location.
Local market do not have stock more but if emergency situation has occured then local market can service  for 10 days.
Local markets have sufficient food stock but lack of reconstruction of houses are noticed.
No its just a small market.
No,local markets do not have sufficient food stock.
Local markets have sufficient food stock to supply but during disaster it was poorer.
No they havent.
Yes there is enough availability of food.
We get sufficient food from market.
It depends on the growth of crops ,sometimes it is sufficient and sometimes it's not.
Sufficient food stock is  available in local market.
Local markets have not sufficient stock.
Yes we get all types of food hetr.
Yes the markets have sufficient food stock.
No not more than 5 days.
Yes local markets have sufficient food stock.
No sufficient food is not available in market nearby.
We get sufficient food from our market.
Yes local market have sufficient food stock.
Food is plenty. no trouble with that.
Sometime many of the food materials are not available.
Local markets do not have sufficient food stock, but vegetables and daily needs type materials are available.
Not properly actually market do setup only on Saturday and Wednesday.
No they dont have.
stock is sufficient. no trouble with that.
Yes,local markets have sufficient food stock .
yes well stocked all foods available.
Pakabari bazar well but we need some storage area.
It is sufficient for two or three days .generally stock are made twice in one week.
Yes local markets have sufficient food stock.
Generally food items are there but not all.which they didn't get in local market they goes 20 minute far.
Yes local markets have sufficient food stock.
Yes local markets have sufficient food stock but they are costly and unaffoardable.
Yes we get adequate foods from weekly bazaars(huts).
Yes local market at 10 mile have sufficient food.
Yes local markets have enough food stock.
Local markets do not have sufficient food stock, but vegetables and daily needs type materials are available.
Not all food available in the the local market.

