Yes they were enough.
Dariknagar hospital.
Hospital is far from here. 6-8 km far. In addition, medicine is not properly available.
Not fully sufficient means mostly provided.
Yes sufficiently available.
not sufficient.
Actually no such availability near by , but a place called parinagar were all medicines help are fullfilled.
All Medicines are available in health centers.
Insufficient medicine in hospital far from here.
stores which do not have enough stock.
There is a small hostital in dariknagar. Not sufficient medicines are available.
Yes availabilty of medicines sufficient in hospital.
Somehow sufficient.
Yes medical facilities are good but we have to visit dwarinagar sub center.
Insufficient doctors and medicine in hospital.
Yes,hospitality condition is good medicines are available in hospital outdoor. Primary support are held by nearer sub centers.
Yes.
No availability,but a place called hospital more  were medecines are supplied properly.
No such availability of sufficient medecine but hospital more is a place were all of its requirement related to medecines are satisfied.
Some medicines are available in hospitals but some have to buy individuals.
Insufficient doctors and medicine in hospital.
Yes good and adequate medicines are available.
Sufficient medicines are available at health centers but those are granted and pre-determined as government rule.
Yes most of the medicines are available that are required.
Probably sufficient in nearby areas.
No facilities are moderate. Not too good.
There is a small hostital in Dariknagar. Not sufficient medicines are available.
Yes.
Not in hospital. Available in markets in sufficient number.
Medicines are not available in hospital as per demand.
No, the availability is less than required and so far from the village.
Not up to the mark ,but medecines can be taked  from hospital more if required.
No, the availability is less than required and so far from the village.
Not up to the mark ,but medecines can be taked  from hospital more if required.
No facilities are moderate. Not too good.
Not sufficient. Hospital is far away and medicines are bought from stores which do not have enough stock.
Enough medicine in health centers . Those were then organised by ngos.
There is no sufficient medicine some have to buy individuals.
Yes normally there is sufficient availability of medicines.In rare cases they have to purchase it from outside which is not within their localite area.
The availability of medicines are not sufficient in hospital or health centers located in the area.
Not realy because near by places doesn't have proper supply.
Medicines are not available in hospital as per demand.
Yes health camps have helped a lot.
Not to a great extend but basic medecine needs are satisfied and health centers are there but 20mins far from the place.
Medicines are not available in hospital as per demand.
Not sufficient in hospital sometimes short in markets also.
Yes most of the medicines are available as prescribed by the doctors.
No, The availability of medicines has not been sufficient in local hospitals.
Yes just after disaster medicines and health care was proper.
In nearby health centre medicines are not available at all. But in nearby hospital (2  hrs away), 70% medicines are available.
The availability of madicines is sufficient in hospital and the people are satisfied.
Very far,  at least 10kms away. there is also a ngo controlled health center but it operates once a week. one more hospital needed.
Mostly from outside sources sometimes from hospital. Need of regular doctors.
Supply is inadequate in health centers but sufficient in hospitals.
Not fully sufficient means mostly provided.
Avalaibility of medicines is not sufficient many medicines have to buy.
Medicines are available in the health center.
All medicines are not available but few primary medicines are available.
Dasnagar is the nearest hospital. it is also not very satisfying.
Yes. Within 1 km.
yes definitely.
Yes medicines are available in sufficient matter.
A sub center is located nearby which is good but local hospital is 4kms away from here but medicines are available.
No,there is no change in profession due to disaster.
Sufficient medicines are available mainly in hospital .
Local hospital named"Maharajganj first aid centre" dont supply sufficient medicines.
Hospital is short of supply whereas market is well stocked but is very far away.
Hospital is well equipped. But health centre is poorly equipped & inadequate stuff & doctor's. Doctor's come for only two days in a week.
Medicines are sufficient in the hospital.
yes.  we have received good medical treatments.
Medicines available in hospital is insufficient. Readily available in markets.
Yes . Dwariknagar and kakdwip hospital satisfies their needs.
Yes most of the medicines are available.if medicines are not available they have to be purchased from kakdwip,diamond or kolkata.
Yes but all dont get equal shares. relief Shares depend on party affiliations.
Some medicines were available in hospitals but major medicines have to buy individuals.
Yes,medicine availability has been sufficient in local  hospitals.
Yes they are.
Ordinary medicines are sometime available but important medicines are not available in our nearest health centre.
yes, we have always received good health care. doctors are available.
In health centre not (Called 10 Miles) sufficient medicines are not available... But in Darinagar Hospital sufficient medicines are available....
Yes medicines of all types are available.
No availability of medicines was not sufficient in hospitals but necessary medicines supplied at home.
Health centers service is average and medicine is not available.
Yes. But important medicine need to buy from local medicine shop.
 the availability of. medicine here  Is not sufficient specially when there are acute diseases .
Yes medicines are available.
Sufficient medicines is not available in hospital due to lack of medicines.
There is a lack of new medecine which comes on the general market are not available.
No doctors or supplies available at the hospital but available in market.
Yes but not always.
Local hospital named"Maharajganj first aid centre" is not sufficient in serious case so we have to move kakdwip or kolkata in emergency.
All medicines are not available in hospital.
There are two hospital in the village but still they don't get sufficient amount of facility which is required.
Hospital povides some common medicines but if need others then we have to buy from local stores.
Yes ,all medecines are most probably found and ambulance facility are also available  in the area.
Hospital is severely short of medicine supply whereas medicines are available in the market.
Yes medicines are good and available.
Not much medicine is there.
Yes ,medicines are available in the all type health centers.
All medicines is not sufficient in hospital some has to be bought from outside.
No, it has not been sufficient in local hospitals.
More or less availability is enough.
Availabilty of medicines are not  sufficient in hodpital and poorly distributed.
Medicines is not sufficient but available.
No not really ,no medical shp near by area s.
No they arent now.
The hospital which is nearby the locality is like a camp and it is not adequate and remaining is very far away.
No, the availability of medicines has not been sufficient in local hospitals.
Not much but still some availavality is there.
Most of the prescribed medicines are available but some are to be purchased from outside.
Available medicines is not sufficient for villagers in hospital.
Yes the availability of medicines has been somehow sufficient in hospital.
Medicines is not available sufficient but doctors are available.
No it ist. But during aila they got it abundantly.
Supply of medicines at hospital is inadequate and no doctor is available. Medicines are available in the market
No,in local hospital there are no sufficient medicine.
Available medicines are not sufficient and not distributed equally.
One hospital is here and all facilities are not available.
Not up to the expectation as villagers are uneducated so they felt ill frequently  so medical aid is important were this area lacks in.
Sometimes medicines are not available and they need to be purchased from outside.
at least 10kms away in dariknagar. that remains the only option for medical treatment we have. it becomes very difficult in emergency situations.
Sufficient medicines available from local hospital but in the time of disater some company provided medicines.
Hospital is short of supply as well as the markets in terms if medicines.
Medicines are not available in hospital "Maharajganj first aid centre" as per demand.
Yes they are enough.
Availability of medicines are not sufficient in hospitals due to unhealthy ambience.
There no sufficient medicines are available in health centers.
Yes,the availability of medicines sufficient in local hospitals.
Most of the medicines are available but many emergency medicines are not present.blood bank not present.in case of blood requirement one has to go kolkata.
Yes more or less enough.
Available medicines are sufficient in hospitals but some have to buy.
Closest health centre  have not sufficient medicine but another health centre at darinnagar we get sufficient medicine.
Yes when it comes to medecines ,all proper arrangements are available for the villagers.
No charge in profession was observed as such.
Yes medicines are good and available.
More or less they are.
Available medicines are sufficient in hospital but cost is major issue.
The hospital which is nearby the locality is like a camp and it is not sufficient and remaining is very far away.
Yes medicines are available.
We have to depend upon farthest hospital for medical support than the closest one.
More or less ok.
All medicine are not available but some medicine are there which are supplied by free.
Yes medecine shop are 20minutes far from the place which ch is a drawback but sufficient medecinea and medical aids are provided.
No. we are given prescriptions and we havd to buy the medicines ourselves.
There are two doctors and they are available most of the times.
Nearest sub centers primary medicines are available .
no medicines are not such highly available.
Yes,medicine availability has been sufficient.
Not sufficient in hospitals in the area.
Yes medicines are available.
Medicines were sufficiently provided in home.
Any general type of medicines available in hospital or local health centers.If necessary we have to go Namkhana or local Pakabari market.
Yes medicines are available.
All medicines are available there . Some are free and some are payable.
Medicines are not much available, we have to buy them. But doctors are very rare. here compounders only act as doctors.
Hospitals are very far away from the location but it is sufficient.
Sometime oxigen and important medicines are not available at local health centre but at Dariknagar health centre we get sufficient medicine.
Most of the medicines are not availabe and they have to be purchased from outside.
Few medicines are available but all medicine are not available in hospital.
Yes lots of good and high quality medicines are available. But free edition is very limited.
Available medicines are sufficient in hospital.
