Agricultute oriented cooperative.
Maximum agriculture and fishing.
Agriculture & fishing.
no reply.
Agriculture and fishery.
Agriculture.
Majority is agriculture.some other are fishing.
Fishing.
Majority profession are fishermen.
Maximum agriculture and fishing.
our work.
Mixing Profession Mainly Fisheries, agriculture & labour.
Profession argriculture of paddy and fish.
Agriculture.
Mainly agriculture. But we also do fishing for side income.
Maximum agriculture and fishing.
Labour followed by fishing.
Fishing and boating as in driver.
Fishing and farmer.
Fishing predominant.
Mostly majority in Fishery then agriculture and the mostly people are served as day worker.
Maximum agriculture and fishing.
Profession of majority is labour and fishing.
Fishing and agriculture are popular but other professions like working as labourer in kerala is also common.
Fishing.
Labour and fishing.
Majority is involved in fishing but I work in blacksmith's workship.
Mixing Profession Mainly Fisheries, agriculture & labour.
Agriculture.
Major part of population attached with labour.
Building constructor but Working in outer state like kerla andra pradesh.
Fishing and Farmer.
Building constructor but Working in outer state like kerla andra pradesh.
Fishing and agriculture.
Majority is involved in fishing but I work in blacksmith's workship.
Mostly agricultural, some in fishing others outside village for labour work.
Daily labours are majority. Fishing and agriculture also prevalent.
Mostly majority in Fishery then agriculture and the mostly people are served as day worker.
Mostly are fishermen but some are farmers also who cultivates crops in their owned farmland.
Major part is agriculture and some of other are labour.
Profession of majority is poultry and fishing.
Agriculture / Fishing/ Labour (in Kolkata, Kerala, Chennai etc.)
Profession of majority is Poultry.
Major part of population attached with labour.
Major part of population attached with labour.
Labour and fishing.
Profession of majority is Fishing.
Labour followed by fishing.
Most  of them are fishermen by profession.
Day labour is work of majority.
Villagers have profession like agricultural and fishing.
almost all involved in agriculture and fishing.
Fishing and agriculture.
Mostly majority in Fishery then agriculture and the mostly people are served as day worker.
Agriculture and labour.
Basically agriculture.
Agriculture of paddy is major profession.
Majority agriculture.
Agriculture is the major profession in this area.
all involved in agriculture some are also involved in fishing.
Most of labour  and other are fishing.
Labour is the main profession and some people doing agriculture.
Most of them are Farmer I'm this area.
Generally we all are day workers and all have their own poultry firm.
Profession of majority is worship of god and agriculturing.
all involved in agriculture.
Agriculture.
Profession of majority is agriculture of paddy and vegetables.
Most of the people are fisherman and some are labour.
Agriculture.
Mainly agriculture. Partly labour & fishing.
Majority is agriculture.
all involved in fishing some in farming also.
Most of them are daily wage labour and few are fisherman.
Fishing followed by agriculture followed by labour work.
Agriculture and horticulture is profession of majority.
Approximately ninety percent depends on cultivation for these purpose many people work as day worker.
Fishing agriculture and day labour abroad. They also practise poultry.
Agriculture and fishing.
Most of the people are fisherman and labourer and some are attached with fertilization.
Profession of majority is fishing and labour.
Profession of majority is fishing.
Working abroad as unskilled labour.
Mainly Agriculture. Beside this Fishing & Daily Labour.
We mainly do agriculture but also have poultry farms.
majority here is occupied in fishing. that is the only profitable business now.
Profession of majority is poultry.
Major profession is Agriculture & fishing.
Agriculture.
I do fishing in delta region. Collect crabs.
Profession of majority is agriculture and fishing.
Fisherman and labour is the common profession.
Labour followed by agriculture.
Majority is labour. Others profession is agriculture.
Most of the population are farmer and fisherman here.
Agriculture and fishing is most popular profession of the villagers.
Agriculture 90% in his vicinity. 60% of them labour.
Now days we totally depend on hundred days work and may people work as day workers.
Fishing and agriculture.
I have a poultry farm but also work as labour in kerala.
Agriculture is predominant.
Most are labourers.
Profession of majority is labour.
Profession of majority is agriculture.
Agriculture horticulture and fishery. Many work as labourers.
Profession of majority is fishing.
Major profession is Agriculture & fishing.
Profession of the majority has been into fishing.
Poultry and fishing is common.
Fishing and labour work is common.
Agriculture is main profession.
Profession of majority is agriculture especially grinding of grains like paddy.
Mostly are daily wage labours and some are fishermen.
Most people are agriculture oriented.
Profession of majority has been agriculture.
Most people are engaged in labour work followed by agriculture.
Profession majority is daily labor.
Most people are engaged in labour work followed by agriculture.
We generally depend on fishing ,some we give labour to others.
Agriculture is the  major profession.
Major portion of population in our area are labourer.
All are labour and some other fishing.
Profession of majority is fishing and agriculture.
Fishing and agriculture.
majority's profession is agriculture.
almost all involved in agriculture and fishing. but mostly people are very poor. its very hard to make a living of the current income.
Mixed profession.some are fishermen while some are farmers.
Labour work is predominant followed by agriculture.
Fishery and agricultural day labour.
Major part of population attached with agriculture labour.
Profession of majority id labour and worship of god.
Day worker and labour is the main profession in our area,some we totally depend on fishery.
Mostly are farmer and fishermen.some are also doing pisiculture to earn their livelihood.
Fishing in our locality.
Profession of majority is poultry.
Major part of population attached with agriculture labour and some are also fisherman.
Fishing and poultry are common in this area.
Fishing and agriculture is predominant.
I work as labourer in Kerala.
Profession of majority is fishing.
Major profession in this area is agriculture.
Labour is common.
Mostly are either fishermen or farmers.
Maximum people are fisherman here,some are also labourer.
Majority is involved in fishing and Pisi culture.some are also daily waged workers.
All are labour . Everyday haven't work.
Mostly of them are agriculture and fisherman.
Fishing and agriculture. Some depend on poultry.
Some are fishermen while some are farmers.
Majority's profession has been agriculture.
almost all involved in agriculture and fishing.
Labour work is predominant.
All of are totally depend on cultivation petcentage may be ninety among those sixty percent work as day labour.
Profession of majrority is agricuture.
Most of labour  and other are fishing and rest are agriculture.
Mostly are daily wage labours and workers.
We dont have any poultry farms here. Agriculture and Fishing is the main profession.
Major profession in this area is agriculture and few people are daily labor.
Fishing and agriculture.
Mixed profession.some are fishermen while some are farmers or daily wage labours.
We are very poor here and some of us are fisherman and some are farmer.
Most of us are engaged in agriculture and fishing.
Mostly are farmers and fishermen.
